---
layout: post
title: "Meet Deliberry"
date: 2015-10-19 17:53:22 +0200
comments: true
author: Marc Morera
categories:
    - Deliberry
    - elcodi
    - ecommerce
    - success
---
As an open source project, whenever a project touches success using our
technology, our pride feelings are indescribable. Each project based on Elcodi
means a different and unique story for us. Each one as much important as the
best.

But in this case, we want to talk about one of our first projects using Elcodi
as the main technology. And we want to do that because we really love this
company, and the way they want to really change the world. Like we want.

The name of the project is [Deliberry](http://deliberry.com), and they are
placed in Barcelona.

![Deliberry](http://elcodi.io/img/showcase/deliberry.png)

They deliver your supermarket purchases in less than one hour. This is great, 
right? They used Elcodi components as the main technology, and our Bamboo 
project as the basis for their front engine and their admin site.

They started using Elcodi some months ago, when we were working on version
`v0.5.0`. These days, Elcodi was very unstable, so day after day, we introduced
new changes, affecting strongly the BC standard. Even with that scenario, 
Deliberry has been always our first tester for new versions, working side by
side with us, and reporting us as many issues as possible.

And believe us... For a new open source project... this is the best gift we've
had.

## Changing the world with us

One of the biggest things that makes this project really awesome, is that they 
are really changing the world.

We are very used of thinking that, for a company than simply delivers food, 
changing the world means delivering it faster and better. Of course, this is 
great, but your are only changing part of the world, and probably, the part than
less need a change.

Deliberry works side by side with an organization name
[Cáritas](http://www.caritas.es/). This organization helps people suffering of 
social exclusion (yes, in Spain we have a lot of this, sadly). People without 
many resources, that cannot enjoy whether the purchase is fast or not: they 
cannot even buy anything.

Deliberry help this organization by hiring people from this organization for 
buying people's food, or delivering it. And everything, in less than one hour. 

Isn't it fantastic?

[![Deliberry TV1](http://img.youtube.com/vi/6sXPaFB93is/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sXPaFB93is "Deliberry TV1")

Deliberry is our hero. Thanks for being part of the Elcodi history, and keep
changing the world, we will try to do the same :)

## Try Deliberry

At the moment, Deliberry is only working on Barcelona, but if you are living
here, we encourage you to try it. And even better, we want to give you a nice
discount for your next purchase.

Use the discount code ***ELCODI***, and with a minimum purchase of 40€ you will
recieve 10€ of discount. And if is your first time, the delivery fees will be
free!

Hurry up! You can use this discount during this year :)

## Change the world too

We are looking for projects that want to change the world, somehow, somewhere.
If you have in mind one of them, consider the usage of Elcodi. Our biggest
effort goes to providing happiness and joy between E-commerce developers,
mastering amazing projects full of creativity and innovation.

Only this scenario turns on the best projects ever, and only the best projects
ever can change this world.

So... we are looking for you.  
[Join us!](http://elcodi.io)